Why did you call
us here, Vector?
You said it was urgent.
This had better be
important... or else!
Get a grip, Mizar!
I've got some great news.
Our threesome has become
a fivesome again!
What?
Girag and Alito!
But how did you two wake up?
When you each fought in
the human world your powers
were totally depleted.
You should both be in
a state of eternal stasis!
We were stirred from our
slumber once we sensed
that you losers desperately
needed help.
Losers?
The important thing is
that our friends are back!
Don't let meaningless squabbles
put a fly in your ointment!
Did somebody call for me?
I may be tiny, but I've
brought you guys a big scoop!
It's about the ruins
at Spartan City!
If you were planning to tell
us that a Mythyrian Number
can been found there,
we have already learned that
for ourselves, Heartland.
And Yuma Tsukumo
knows it, too...
which means that he's probably
heading there even as we speak!
Yuma Tsukumo?
If we hurry, we can arrive
at the ruins before Yuma
and ambush him when he shows up!
Excellent idea!
I'll take it from here!
I have a bone to pick
with Yuma Tsukumo,
and it's about
to become personal!
♪♪
♪ Still together
as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go we
feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't
stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we
ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe
it away ♪
♪ All of my fears
are gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear
down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final
night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our
souls can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that
we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
(Astral)
According to the map,
the Number we seek is
somewhere here in the
ruins of Spartan City.
I gotta tell you, these
are the newest looking ruins
we've been to yet.
Hey, did you boys miss us?
To help us in our Number search,
we checked out
the local scenery.
Now that we've explored those
fashionable clothing shops,
we should begin
a restaurant survey!
And then pick up some
local dance moves!
Oh, brother.
I can't believe Kite
ordered me to me stay back
and keep an eye on the ship!
Doesn't he realize robots
need a little excitement, too?
When he gets back, I'm gonna
throw a techno tantrum!
Okay, seriously,
this city's huge,
so how will we find the
ruins we're looking for?
We could ask the locals...
or buy a guide book...
(Yuma)
Whoa!
What's up?
Did you find where
the ruins are?
You guys aren't
gonna believe it!
(announcer)
It'll be the most action-
packed smackdown ever,
as our duelists deploy their
might and monsters...
Figures!
I should've known you were
going gaga over a duel!
Forget the duel!
Check out the
duelist in the mask!
(announcer)
Nistromo
the Star Voyager!
That looks like Nistro...
Take that duelist down!
(Yuma)
That's definitely Nistro!
(announcer)
We have a mind-blowing
matchup today!
Let's give a big shout-out
for our first duelist,
the brawniest
brawler of them all...
Muscules the Magnificent!
His challenger is the
mysterious masked duelist
who hails from outer space.
Give it up for
Nistromo the Star Voyager!
Nistromo, Nistromo,
Nistromo, Nistromo!
(announcer)
What a welcome!
As a cosmic champion of
justice, Nistromo is wildly
popular withdueling fans
all across the galaxy!
Yeah! Are you guys
ready to blast off?
Nistromo, Nistromo,
Nistromo, Nistromo!
Get him, Nistromo!
Show that muscle-head
that you're stronger!
I dedicate this duel to my fans!
Go, Kusanagi!
Introduce Muscules to the floor!
(announcer)
He's down for the count!
Nistromo the Star Voyager
rockets his way to another
victory!
♪♪
You made it all
the way to the finals!
We're counting on you to win!
Thanks! I won't
let you down!
(Yuma)
Can I get an
autograph, too?
Hey! Dextra and
Nistro, what's up?
That looks
like... Yuma!
So, you went pro, huh Nistro?
You've got a cool new name,
awesome threads,
and now you're
a total fan magnet!
I suppose.
Kids are really into my whole
galactic warrior persona.
But the best thing
is that I'm winning
and now have a shot
at a championship!
And have you become a
professional duelist,
too, Dextra?
No way!
I am Nistro's manager!
(Nistro)
I know it's a big
career change,
but we decided we wanted
to give young people hope.
I figured that by becoming
Nistromo the Star Voyager,
I could give fans a hero
they could look up to.
I guess that sounds
pretty corny to you.
Are you kidding?
I think it's fantastic!
Yeah!
What you're doing is important.
Fans need to feel someone
is battling for them.
I felt exactly like you do when
I dueled for my brother.
It's nice to know that
some people in this group
value their siblings.
Who do you mean?
What brought you all here
to Spartan City anyway?
We're on a mission.
We're lookin' for
some ancient ruins.
(Nistro)
What ruins?
Good afternoon.
What can I get you?
Directions.
To some ruins in this city.
(Nistro)
So, these ruins you're
looking for are
somehow connected
to your father?
That's right.
Have you heard anything about
them from the locals here?
I've heard some of them
talk about a legend.
It tells about
a ruined coliseum,
haunted by the spirit
of a warrior.
Warrior? What else
do you know?
(Dextra)
According to the legend, there
was once a warrior who only
battled with his hands.
Even so, he was the greatest
warrior in the city.
His only true rival was
the prince of the city,
who was himself
a mighty warrior.
The two battled many
times and came to respect
each other's skills.
Though one was royalty
and the other a commoner,
they eventually became friends.
None of this made the prince's
advisors very happy.
And so, they started
to look for some way
to get rid of the
warrior for good.
During a public match, the
advisors accused the warrior
of being a traitor and
threat to the empire.
The warrior swore
he was innocent
and the prince defended him too.
But the warrior was
found guilty.
And so he was banished
from the city forever.
Time passed and the great
city fell into decay.
But legend says that even
now the spirit of the warrior
wanders the coliseum's ruins.
His spirit's still angry
that he paid for a crime
he didn't commit.
No, you're wrong.
His spirit is there because
he still wants to fight.
The prince's advisors stopped
their match before it was done.
The outcome was never decided,
so the warrior's
spirit can't rest.
He still lingers at
the coliseum's ruins
which are now underwater.
Wait!
I thought those ruins
were supposed to be
here in the city!
They are.
The people of Spartan City were
afraid of the spirit, so they
built a huge bank
all around the ruins
and then filled it with water.
How can we reach the Number
if it's underwater?
It'll be dark soon, Yuma.
Let's deal with
this tomorrow after
we get a good night's sleep.
Retrieving the Number down
there will not be easy.
It looks like they haven't
arrived at the lake yet.
Which means I still
have time for a little fun.
You made it all
the way to the finals!
We're counting on you to win!
Strange, this is the first
time I've had trouble
sleeping before a match.
It's not a good sign.
The legend says that whoever
captures the spirit of
the warrior down there,
will gain extraordinary power.
I can't believe I came here
in the middle of the night
because of some
moldy old legend!
Even if the story was true...
I could never reach those ruins
unless I had scuba gear.
It's time to spring a leak!
Yuma! Wake up!
What is it, Astral?
I have sensed a disturbance.
Is there something up
at the lake?
It's more like
something has gone down.
(Yuma)
The water
drained away!
That means we can
reach the ruins now.
You're right.
Yeah, but so can
the Barians.
They could reach
the Number before we do!
Shark...
I sense there's
a dark power down there.
Barians...
(Dextra)
Why're you all
still awake?
Have you spotted something?
Wait, where am I?
That fall must've
rattled my brain!
This looks like the ruins
of the coliseum...
but that's impossible!
(Yuma)
Thanks for driving us in
the middle of the night.
You convinced me your
mission's important.
I just wish Nistro were here.
It's not like him to
wander off this way.
Strange...
I feel like I've walked
through here before.
That looks like...
a Number card!
That card is mine
for the taking...
and I'm going to take it now!
And use it against Yuma!
This barrier is strong!
(voice)
Only one who possesses the
spirit of a great warrior
is worthy of
inheriting my power!
Could you be the one?
Are you willing to prove
that you surpass all others
in skill and courage?
You better believe it!
Now give me that Number
so I can beat Yuma Tsukumo
once and for all!
You cannot be him!
You're...
mine!
Yes! This Number is
incredibly powerful.
But using it will cost me.
I have to be willing to
put it all on the line...
(Nistro)
Hey, Buddy!
What are you doing here?
(Alito)
His face is familiar...
He looks like the duelist
from the tournament!
(Yuma)
Nistro!
Nistro! What're you
doing here?
Alito!
Long time no see!
Yuma Tsukumo...
I'm glad to see
that you're okay!
I was worried about
what happened
to you after our duel.
As you can see, I'm fine.
I've completely recovered
and I can't wait to step
into the ring with you
and have a rematch!
(Alito)
This Number is eager to
go into battle with me!
But if I wield it myself,
the risk would be too great.
Someone set off explosions here
to get rid of the water
in the lake.
I think it may've
been this guy, Yuma!
(Alito)
Of course!
I can have him take
the risk for me!
You're a duelist, right?
Then you'll love this card!
Check it out!
Hold on! This is
a Number card!
That's right!
And you will now use it
to defeat Yuma for me!
What're you doing?
Stop! Nistro, no!
I must eliminate all
threats to Barian World!
I must eliminate all threats
to Barian World!
Alito! Why have you taken
control of Nistro's mind?
Taken control?
Wait, who are you?
My name's Alito and I'm one
of the seven Barian emperors!
You can't be a Barian!
Your kind left this world
after Dr. Faker was defeated.
Well now we're back and
ready for a tag duel...
two of us against two of you!
You expect us to fight Nistro?
Winning this duel is the
only way to free him
from Alito's mind control!
Okay, in that case then,
let's show this
Barian how to battle!
You?
I can't stand by while the
Barians turn him into a puppet.
I'll fight against Nistro...
to save him!
Are you with me?
Yeah!
Hang on!
She hasn't faced Barians before!
Let me duel!
No, Shark.
We have to let
Dextra handle this.
Yuma, why do you look
so down in the dumps?
You wanted to duel
me again and now
you're going to get the chance!
Yeah, that is true.
Our last duel was so
awesome that I was hoping
we'd face-off
again someday.
Only I didn't think
were gonna turn
one of my friends against me!
I need Nistro's help.
He'll be a valuable partner.
In fact, he'll give
this duel his all!
What do you mean?
You'll find out...
soon!
Let's do this!
Duel Disk go!
Duel Gazer let's roll!
(all)
Let's duel!
(computer voice)
Augmented Reality Vision
Link established.
The Barians must prevail.
I'll go first!
I draw!
I summon Heroic-Challenger
Ambush Soldier!
My task is done, I end my turn.
Nistro...
I'll go next!
I draw!
(Yuma)
I can't believe Alito
brainwashed Nistro!
What a jerk move!
Stay calm, Yuma.
Giving in to anger
will not help you.
I know.
Gotta get in the zone!
I'll start my turn by
summoning Gagaga Magician!
Then I'll use a spell
card... Gagagamirror!
My magical mirror reflects
back Gagaga Magician,
creating an exact copy but
they won't be around for long
'cause I'm gonna use them
as part of a magic act
and make them disappear!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
Bringing out your best monster
right from the start?
You must be worried.
You're the one who should
be worried right now, Alito.
Here!
I'll put this card facedown
and end my turn!
All the tough talk in
the world won't save you
from the disaster that's
heading your way!
And now, it's my turn!
I draw!
I'll put one monster
facedown in defense mode!
And then I'll place a second
card facedown and end my turn!
Then it's my move!
I draw!
I place this monster
facedown in in defense mode.
Next, I'll put two more cards
facedown... ending my turn.
It is my turn.
I draw!
I summon Heroic Challenger,
Clasp Sword!
Next, I activate Ambush
Soldier's special ability!
And I guarantee you never
saw this coming!
I can tribute this monster
and replace it with two other
Heroic Challengers by lowering
their Levels to 1!
I summon Double Lance
and Night Watchman!
Now I overlay my three
Heroic Challengers!
With these three monsters
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number 54:
Lion Heart!
That must be the Number
from these ruins!
It doesn't seem to be
packing that much punch.
Perhaps not.
When Lion Heart is
in attack mode,
you can't destroy it in battle!
Go, Lion Heart!
Attack Utopia!
But that makes no sense!
You're setting yourself up to
take 2,400 points of damage!
Lion Heart's special
ability activates!
Now Yuma will take the same
amount of damage that I do!
Yikes!
Oh, no!
Pouncing Punch!
Nistro! Yuma!
You intend to keep
exchanging blows
until one of you collapses!
That's right.
Except I can pound away
without taking damage.
Nistro will get
pummeled instead.
As a puppet, he's very useful...
and completely disposable!
Alito, I can't believe
you're battling this way!
You wouldn't have sunk this
low when we dueled before!
That was then, Yuma.
Now I'll do anything to make
you pay for defeating me!